inspector I know your reputation for
making brilliant guesses that turn out
to be right someone told me you claimed
to dream the answers
sometime this evening a bang-tail was
murdered in George yard
that doesn't sound much heavy ordinary
it was the way she was done inspector it
was the way that she was done that cries
out for a man of your talent he can
foresee the victims Ashura my soror face
your visions about me my Stephanie
really used to burn men like you alive
he could sense the suspects he must be
someone with money I'm powdering over
this ain't killing for profit this is
ritual but for an inspector in charge of
the world's most infamous investigation
he's punishing I want double shifts
within these areas we have mayhem on the
streets I believe this was done by
someone with a working knowledge of
dissection an educated man that's
preposterous the last thing he expected
I want you and your friends off this
race until I can sort this thing out
do you trust you was to get close to
someone who would be next Jack the
Ripper's now finish where is he
I want
one day men will look back and say that
I gave birth to the 20th century
you're not gonna see the 20th century
you